Update product handbook (#392)
meltano/handbook: src/_product/features.md

---
layout: page
title: Product Features
weight: 3
---

> Product features in Meltano may go optional go through multiple acceptance phases.

Author: ```suggestion
Product features in Meltano may optionally go through multiple acceptance phases.
```

### Meltano Cloud

We release Meltano Cloud in the following lifecycle stages.

* **Experimental**: Experimental features are features that we have made available to everyone to use, but they may not be completely finished or stable yet. We may still be adding new things and making changes while they are in experimental mode. We'll try to let you know ahead of time about any big changes, but sometimes we may not be able to. Also, keep in mind that these features may not have complete instructions or technical support.

* **Preview (Private or Public)**: Preview features are stable and can be used in production, but we might still make some changes to them before they're officially released. We might also add new things that aren't compatible with the old version. Preview features have instructions, technical support, and specific performance goals. They usually don't cost extra, but they might become paid features in the future.

* **Generally Available (GA)**: Generally Available features are stable and can be considered for production deployments. Service level agreements (SLAs) apply to GA features, and these features include documentation and technical support.

> * **Deprecated**: Features in this state are not actively worked on or enhanced by Meltano and will continue to function as-is until their removal date.

Reviewer: This weakly implies that deprecated features have a removal date, which isn't always (or even usually) the case.

It is also worth mentioning that we don't maintain deprecated features. We'll try to avoid breaking them prior to removal, but any old or new bug reports around them will be closed or deprioritized. Even community-contributed fixes may be rejected on the basis of it being too much work for us to review them.

Author: ```suggestion
* **Deprecated**: Features in this state are not actively worked on, maintained, or enhanced by Meltano. We aim to keep these functioning as-is until, but that may not be possible prior to their removal. New issues and bug reports related to these features will be deprioritized or closed.
```

What do you think about this update @WillDaSilva ?

Reviewer: Looks good to me. Thanks @tayloramurphy

* **Removed**: Removed features no longer have any level of product functionality or support.

### Meltano Core

We release Meltano Core in the following lifecycle stages. Core releases follow [semantic versioning](semver.org)

* **Unreleased**: We will include this functionality in the next minor version prerelease. However, we make no commitments about its behavior or implementation. As maintainers, we reserve the right to change any part of it, or remove it entirely (with an accompanying explanation.)

> * **Experimental**: Experimental features are features that we have made available to everyone to use, but they may not be completely finished or stable yet. We may still be adding new things and making changes while they are in experimental mode. We'll try to let you know ahead of time about any big changes, but sometimes we may not be able to. Also, keep in mind that these features may not have complete instructions or technical support.

Reviewer 2: I take it this is a mindful decision to not also have `Preview` in Meltano Core?

I have no complaints on this, but curious your logic on preferring Experimental over Preview. I remember @WillDaSilva had some concerns on the "experimental" moniker - I'll let him speak to any concerns there.

I don't personally have a strong preference between `Preview` or `Experimental` - as I've seen examples of both "in the wild" - and generally (to me at least) both seem to communicate to me that I can use the feature, but I shouldn't expect it to be final/permanent. If anything, Experimental does seem to imply the feature might be _removed_, which doesn't often apply - although sometimes it does. Most likely, in both cases, the feature is just not to be assumed to be in its final state.

Reviewer: I don't have any noteworthy concerns about "experimental" over "preview" aside from what you mentioned:

> Experimental does seem to imply the feature might be removed

Author: @aaronsteers it was intentional, but I'm open to changing it. To me part of the difference is in how much control we have over the experience. Once we cut a release for something on Core, it's just out there. In Cloud we have more control (in theory) over which accounts have access to a feature and we may have a higher bar for releasing it. 

Do you think it would make sense to also have `Preview` as an option for Core? It felt a little bit overkill but I'm not opposed to it. I just don't know of anything that we've done that we might have moved through an Experimental --> Preview --> Released stages.
